What's wrong with this thing?
If I see the problem
It won't be like this
Go and help me check the Qin family in the imperial capital
And this jade pendant
Xiao Chen has something to do
Qin Banruo is really your fiancée
Yes later no
What does it have to do with you?
Isn't it enough for you to humiliate me?
At the Dragon Feast
You push to the dragon frame
Let the Su family not be promoted to the land of aristocratic families
And invite your fiancee
Against me in front of the Quanqingzhou family
Isn't that humiliating?
It doesn't matter if you want to humiliate, humiliate it
But let me warn you
The power you have now
But that woman gave it to you
Wait until he gets tired of you
You will lose everything
hit it back
Mr. Su
How powerful am I?
With your vision
I'm afraid I can't see through
And if that's all you want to talk to me about
Then I have nothing to talk about
Tomorrow is your homecoming day
There will be a thank you banquet
Gu Lao helped the Su family a lot
He also healed your leg injury back then
This banquet
You'd better not be absent
You who climbed the high branches
It turned into this overnight
defiant
Arrogance without knowing it
Xiao Chen, you make me feel sick from the bottom of my heart